README.md, before:

# codecommit-sign

[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/ci?style=flat-square&logo=go)](https://github.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/actions?workflow=ci)
[![License MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](/LICENSE)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign?style=flat-square)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign)
[![Go Version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign.svg?style=flat-square)](go.mod)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign)

Generate a signed AWS V4 CodeCommit URL without the need for dedicated IAM user credentials.

## Install

Binary downloads can be found on the [Releases](https://github.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/releases) page. Unpack the `codecommit-sign` binary and add it to your PATH.

### Homebrew

To use [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):

```sh
brew tap gembaadvantage/tap
brew install codecommit-sign
```

### GoFish

To use [Fish](https://gofi.sh/):

```sh
gofish rig add https://github.com/gembaadvantage/fish-food
gofish install github.com/gembaadvantage/fish-food/codecommit-sign

```

### Scoop

To use [Scoop](https://scoop.sh/):

```sh
scoop install codecommit-sign
```

### Script

To install using a shell script:

```sh
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/main/scripts/install > install
chmod 700 install
./install
```

## Quick Start

Retreive (_or construct_) the clone URL to your chosen CodeCommit repository and then sign it. Depending on your chosen authentication mechanism, you may need to provide an AWS named profile through the optional `--profile` flag.

### HTTPS

```sh
codecommit-sign https://git-codecommit.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/v1/repos/repository
```

### GRC

```sh
codecommit-sign codecommit::eu-west-1://repository
```

Commit message:

fix: support all codecommit grc clone variants (#38)

README.md, after:

# codecommit-sign

[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/ci?style=flat-square&logo=go)](https://github.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/actions?workflow=ci)
[![License MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](/LICENSE)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign?style=flat-square)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign)
[![Go Version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign.svg?style=flat-square)](go.mod)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign)

Generate a signed AWS V4 CodeCommit URL without the need for dedicated IAM user credentials.

## Install

Binary downloads can be found on the [Releases](https://github.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/releases) page. Unpack the `codecommit-sign` binary and add it to your PATH.

### Homebrew

To use [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):

```sh
brew tap gembaadvantage/tap
brew install codecommit-sign
```

### GoFish

To use [Fish](https://gofi.sh/):

```sh
gofish rig add https://github.com/gembaadvantage/fish-food
gofish install github.com/gembaadvantage/fish-food/codecommit-sign

```

### Scoop

To use [Scoop](https://scoop.sh/):

```sh
scoop install codecommit-sign
```

### Script

To install using a shell script:

```sh
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gembaadvantage/codecommit-sign/main/scripts/install > install
chmod 700 install
./install
```

## Quick Start

Retrieve (_or construct_) the clone URL to your chosen CodeCommit repository and then sign it. Depending on your chosen authentication mechanism, you may need to provide an AWS named profile through the optional `--profile` flag.

### HTTPS

```sh
codecommit-sign https://git-codecommit.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/v1/repos/repository
```

### GRC

```sh
codecommit-sign codecommit::eu-west-1://repository
```

All GRC variants are supported:

- `codecommit://repository`
- `codecommit://profile@repository`
- `codecommit::region://profile@repository`
